He's so determined, but is there really a chance for us, even after the divorce?
Morning, so I just got out of the shower, it's not intentional.
What do you mean?
No, I'm not trying to show off my physique like before.
Anyways, we should get going, we have to leave soon.
Thank you, for last night, for listening and making it easier, you can always count on.
He's almost like a completely different person all of a sudden.
Frank, I can give you a lift.
It's fine. Someone's putting me up.
Are you kidding me?
Our he and his husband getting back together.
Frank!
We're good, are you?
Did this trip change something?
I feel like I'm slowly losing control around that trip.
Well, a British writer once said,
affection can be restrained,
but love is unrestrained.
Love.
Frank, you deserve to be happy.
Yes, you do.
Thanks, guys.
I'm here now.
The agreement.
And if so...
I agree!
The sooner the better.